track ECSeq
superTrack on
group regulation
shortLabel EC RNA-Seq
longLabel RNA-seq data of sub-regions from micro-dissected rat entorhinal cortex (EC), sampled at postnatal day (P) P2, P9, P23, and P45.

track forward
parent ECSeq on
visibility dense
container multiWig
aggregate none
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig 0 1000
autoScale on
viewLimits 0:20
maxHeighPixels 100:16:8
shortLabel HaCaT TT RNA-Seq
longLabel RNA-seq reads mapping to forward

track 1_P02_II_Medial_forward
shortLabel 1 P02 II Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/1_forward.bigwig

track 2_P02_Deep_Medial_forward
shortLabel 2 P02 Deep Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/2_forward.bigwig

track 3_P02_II_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 3 P02 II Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/3_forward.bigwig

track 4_P02_Deep_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 4 P02 Deep Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/4_forward.bigwig

track 5_P02_II_Medial_forward
shortLabel 5 P02 II Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/5_forward.bigwig

track 6_P02_Deep_Medial_forward
shortLabel 6 P02 Deep Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/6_forward.bigwig

track 7_P02_II_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 7 P02 II Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/7_forward.bigwig

track 8_P02_Deep_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 8 P02 Deep Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/8_forward.bigwig

track 9_P02_II_Medial_forward
shortLabel 9 P02 II Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/9_forward.bigwig

track 10_P02_Deep_Medial_forward
shortLabel 10 P02 Deep Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/10_forward.bigwig

track 11_P02_II_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 11 P02 II Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/11_forward.bigwig

track 12_P02_Deep_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 12 P02 Deep Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/12_forward.bigwig

track 13_P02_II_Medial_forward
shortLabel 13 P02 II Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/13_forward.bigwig

track 14_P02_Deep_Medial_forward
shortLabel 14 P02 Deep Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/14_forward.bigwig

track 15_P02_II_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 15 P02 II Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/15_forward.bigwig

track 16_P02_Deep_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 16 P02 Deep Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/16_forward.bigwig

track 17_P02_II_Medial_forward
shortLabel 17 P02 II Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/17_forward.bigwig

track 18_P02_Deep_Medial_forward
shortLabel 18 P02 Deep Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/18_forward.bigwig

track 19_P02_II_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 19 P02 II Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/19_forward.bigwig

track 20_P02_Deep_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 20 P02 Deep Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/20_forward.bigwig

track 21_P09_II_Medial_forward
shortLabel 21 P09 II Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/21_forward.bigwig

track 22_P09_Deep_Medial_forward
shortLabel 22 P09 Deep Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/22_forward.bigwig

track 23_P09_II_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 23 P09 II Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/23_forward.bigwig

track 24_P09_Deep_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 24 P09 Deep Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/24_forward.bigwig

track 25_P09_II_Medial_forward
shortLabel 25 P09 II Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/25_forward.bigwig

track 26_P09_Deep_Medial_forward
shortLabel 26 P09 Deep Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/26_forward.bigwig

track 27_P09_II_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 27 P09 II Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/27_forward.bigwig

track 28_P09_Deep_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 28 P09 Deep Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/28_forward.bigwig

track 29_P09_II_Medial_forward
shortLabel 29 P09 II Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/29_forward.bigwig

track 30_P09_Deep_Medial_forward
shortLabel 30 P09 Deep Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/30_forward.bigwig

track 31_P09_II_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 31 P09 II Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/31_forward.bigwig

track 32_P09_Deep_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 32 P09 Deep Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/32_forward.bigwig

track 33_P09_II_Medial_forward
shortLabel 33 P09 II Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/33_forward.bigwig

track 34_P09_Deep_Medial_forward
shortLabel 34 P09 Deep Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/34_forward.bigwig

track 35_P09_II_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 35 P09 II Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/35_forward.bigwig

track 36_P09_Deep_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 36 P09 Deep Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/36_forward.bigwig

track 37_P23_II_Medial_forward
shortLabel 37 P23 II Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/37_forward.bigwig

track 38_P23_Deep_Medial_forward
shortLabel 38 P23 Deep Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/38_forward.bigwig

track 39_P23_II_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 39 P23 II Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/39_forward.bigwig

track 40_P23_Deep_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 40 P23 Deep Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/40_forward.bigwig

track 41_P23_II_Medial_forward
shortLabel 41 P23 II Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/41_forward.bigwig

track 42_P23_Deep_Medial_forward
shortLabel 42 P23 Deep Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/42_forward.bigwig

track 43_P23_II_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 43 P23 II Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/43_forward.bigwig

track 44_P23_Deep_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 44 P23 Deep Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/44_forward.bigwig

track 45_P23_II_Medial_forward
shortLabel 45 P23 II Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/45_forward.bigwig

track 46_P23_Deep_Medial_forward
shortLabel 46 P23 Deep Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/46_forward.bigwig

track 47_P23_II_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 47 P23 II Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/47_forward.bigwig

track 48_P23_Deep_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 48 P23 Deep Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/48_forward.bigwig

track 49_P45_II_Medial_forward
shortLabel 49 P45 II Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/49_forward.bigwig

track 50_P45_Deep_Medial_forward
shortLabel 50 P45 Deep Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/50_forward.bigwig

track 51_P45_II_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 51 P45 II Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/51_forward.bigwig

track 52_P45_Deep_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 52 P45 Deep Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/52_forward.bigwig

track 53_P45_II_Medial_forward
shortLabel 53 P45 II Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/53_forward.bigwig

track 54_P45_Deep_Medial_forward
shortLabel 54 P45 Deep Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/54_forward.bigwig

track 55_P45_II_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 55 P45 II Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/55_forward.bigwig

track 56_P45_Deep_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 56 P45 Deep Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/56_forward.bigwig

track 57_P45_II_Medial_forward
shortLabel 57 P45 II Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/57_forward.bigwig

track 58_P45_Deep_Medial_forward
shortLabel 58 P45 Deep Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/58_forward.bigwig

track 59_P45_II_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 59 P45 II Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/59_forward.bigwig

track 60_P45_Deep_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 60 P45 Deep Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/60_forward.bigwig

track 61_P45_II_Medial_forward
shortLabel 61 P45 II Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/61_forward.bigwig

track 62_P45_Deep_Medial_forward
shortLabel 62 P45 Deep Medial forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/62_forward.bigwig

track 63_P45_II_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 63 P45 II Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/63_forward.bigwig

track 64_P45_Deep_Lateral_forward
shortLabel 64 P45 Deep Lateral forward
parent forward on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/64_forward.bigwig

track reverse
parent ECSeq on
visibility dense
container multiWig
aggregate none
showSubtrackColorOnUi on
type bigWig 0 1000
autoScale on
viewLimits 0:20
maxHeighPixels 100:16:8
shortLabel HaCaT TT RNA-Seq
longLabel RNA-seq reads mapping to reverse

track 1_P02_II_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 1 P02 II Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/1_reverse.bigwig

track 2_P02_Deep_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 2 P02 Deep Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/2_reverse.bigwig

track 3_P02_II_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 3 P02 II Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/3_reverse.bigwig

track 4_P02_Deep_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 4 P02 Deep Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/4_reverse.bigwig

track 5_P02_II_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 5 P02 II Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/5_reverse.bigwig

track 6_P02_Deep_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 6 P02 Deep Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/6_reverse.bigwig

track 7_P02_II_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 7 P02 II Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/7_reverse.bigwig

track 8_P02_Deep_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 8 P02 Deep Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/8_reverse.bigwig

track 9_P02_II_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 9 P02 II Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/9_reverse.bigwig

track 10_P02_Deep_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 10 P02 Deep Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/10_reverse.bigwig

track 11_P02_II_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 11 P02 II Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/11_reverse.bigwig

track 12_P02_Deep_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 12 P02 Deep Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/12_reverse.bigwig

track 13_P02_II_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 13 P02 II Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/13_reverse.bigwig

track 14_P02_Deep_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 14 P02 Deep Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/14_reverse.bigwig

track 15_P02_II_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 15 P02 II Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/15_reverse.bigwig

track 16_P02_Deep_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 16 P02 Deep Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/16_reverse.bigwig

track 17_P02_II_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 17 P02 II Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/17_reverse.bigwig

track 18_P02_Deep_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 18 P02 Deep Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/18_reverse.bigwig

track 19_P02_II_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 19 P02 II Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/19_reverse.bigwig

track 20_P02_Deep_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 20 P02 Deep Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/20_reverse.bigwig

track 21_P09_II_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 21 P09 II Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/21_reverse.bigwig

track 22_P09_Deep_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 22 P09 Deep Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/22_reverse.bigwig

track 23_P09_II_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 23 P09 II Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/23_reverse.bigwig

track 24_P09_Deep_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 24 P09 Deep Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/24_reverse.bigwig

track 25_P09_II_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 25 P09 II Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/25_reverse.bigwig

track 26_P09_Deep_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 26 P09 Deep Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/26_reverse.bigwig

track 27_P09_II_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 27 P09 II Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/27_reverse.bigwig

track 28_P09_Deep_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 28 P09 Deep Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/28_reverse.bigwig

track 29_P09_II_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 29 P09 II Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/29_reverse.bigwig

track 30_P09_Deep_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 30 P09 Deep Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/30_reverse.bigwig

track 31_P09_II_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 31 P09 II Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/31_reverse.bigwig

track 32_P09_Deep_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 32 P09 Deep Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/32_reverse.bigwig

track 33_P09_II_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 33 P09 II Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/33_reverse.bigwig

track 34_P09_Deep_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 34 P09 Deep Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/34_reverse.bigwig

track 35_P09_II_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 35 P09 II Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/35_reverse.bigwig

track 36_P09_Deep_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 36 P09 Deep Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/36_reverse.bigwig

track 37_P23_II_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 37 P23 II Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/37_reverse.bigwig

track 38_P23_Deep_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 38 P23 Deep Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/38_reverse.bigwig

track 39_P23_II_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 39 P23 II Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/39_reverse.bigwig

track 40_P23_Deep_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 40 P23 Deep Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/40_reverse.bigwig

track 41_P23_II_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 41 P23 II Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/41_reverse.bigwig

track 42_P23_Deep_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 42 P23 Deep Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/42_reverse.bigwig

track 43_P23_II_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 43 P23 II Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/43_reverse.bigwig

track 44_P23_Deep_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 44 P23 Deep Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/44_reverse.bigwig

track 45_P23_II_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 45 P23 II Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/45_reverse.bigwig

track 46_P23_Deep_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 46 P23 Deep Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/46_reverse.bigwig

track 47_P23_II_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 47 P23 II Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/47_reverse.bigwig

track 48_P23_Deep_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 48 P23 Deep Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/48_reverse.bigwig

track 49_P45_II_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 49 P45 II Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/49_reverse.bigwig

track 50_P45_Deep_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 50 P45 Deep Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/50_reverse.bigwig

track 51_P45_II_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 51 P45 II Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/51_reverse.bigwig

track 52_P45_Deep_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 52 P45 Deep Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/52_reverse.bigwig

track 53_P45_II_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 53 P45 II Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/53_reverse.bigwig

track 54_P45_Deep_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 54 P45 Deep Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/54_reverse.bigwig

track 55_P45_II_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 55 P45 II Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/55_reverse.bigwig

track 56_P45_Deep_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 56 P45 Deep Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/56_reverse.bigwig

track 57_P45_II_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 57 P45 II Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/57_reverse.bigwig

track 58_P45_Deep_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 58 P45 Deep Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/58_reverse.bigwig

track 59_P45_II_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 59 P45 II Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/59_reverse.bigwig

track 60_P45_Deep_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 60 P45 Deep Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/60_reverse.bigwig

track 61_P45_II_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 61 P45 II Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 55,51,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/61_reverse.bigwig

track 62_P45_Deep_Medial_reverse
shortLabel 62 P45 Deep Medial reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 128,255,0
bigDataUrl bigwigs/62_reverse.bigwig

track 63_P45_II_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 63 P45 II Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 51,255,255
bigDataUrl bigwigs/63_reverse.bigwig

track 64_P45_Deep_Lateral_reverse
shortLabel 64 P45 Deep Lateral reverse
parent reverse on
type bigWig 0 1000
color 255,51,51
bigDataUrl bigwigs/64_reverse.bigwig